README.md, before:

# Structured Tree

Structured Tree adds a tree for exploring and managing hierarchical notes similar to [Dendron](https://www.dendron.so/). Features:
![Dendron Tree](images/dendron-tree.png)

Features:

-   Structured Tree, easily browse notes that are using the hierarchical naming scheme from Dendron
-   Lookup
-   Automatically generate frontmatter on a new file
-   Multi vault support
-   Custom resolver and renderer for link and embed

## Structured Tree

To view the Structured Tree you can select "Open Structured Tree" in the Application's Ribbon bar.

A note with an orange circle indicator
(![Note without corresponding file](images/note-without-file.png)) is a note that does not have a
corresponding file.

To open a note file you can select the note name in the tree. This also expands the note in the
tree.

To expand and collapse a note you can select arrow (![Note arrow](images/arrow.png)) on the left of
the note.

You can right-click a note on a Desktop or long-press the note on a Mobile to open the note's menu.
Note menu will have the following item:

-   "Create Current Note". This will create a file for the selected note. This only show when the note
    does not have a corresponding file.
-   "Create New Note". This will open Lookup with the selected note's path as the initial prompt. You
    can see lookup documentation on how to use it.
-   "Delete Note". This will delete the selected note file. This only show when the note has a
    corresponding file.

## Lookup

![Lookup note](images/lookup.png)

To lookup a note you can run "Structured Tree: Lookup note" command. With this, you can open and delete
a note.

![Create new](images/lookup-new.png)

You can create a note by inputting a path that does not exist. Then you will get "Create
New" item. Select this item to create a new note.

![Create note file for file-less note](images/create-new-existing.png)

You can also select a note that does not have a corresponding file. An item that when selected will
create a new note is indicated by + icon at the right.

> It's recommended to always input path in lookup modal.

## Multi Vault

You can add or remove a vault in Plugin Settings. You must specify the vault path and vault name.

## Custom Resolver and Renderer (Disabled by Default)

For embed/ref, Dendron format are extenstion for Obsidian format. You can see Dendron documentation
about [Note Reference]

Dendron and Obsidian have different formats and capabilities for ref/embed and wikilink. When this
feature is enabled, all wikilink and embed will be forced to render using Dendron format. This also
overrides link hover functionality.

Here are the brief differences between Dendron and Obsidian regarding WikiLink.

This is the format of Obsidian WikiLink:

```
[[href|title]]
```

Whereas, this is the format of Dendron WikiLink:

```
[[title|href]]
```

In Obsidian, if the title for wikilink is not specified then the link will be used as the title.
But, in Dendron, note target's title will be used as the title.

In Dendron, to target a note in another vault we must use special syntax like this:

```
dendron://vault_name/note_path
```

For embed/ref, Dendron format is an extension of the Obsidian format. You can see Dendron
documentation about
[Note Reference](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/f1af56bb-db27-47ae-8406-61a98de6c78c)

## Recommended Additional Plugins

I recommend installing [Structured](https://github.com/dobrovolsky/obsidian-structure) by [Dobrovolsky Bohdan](https://github.com/dobrovolsky) alongside this plugin. It makes it significantly easier to rename and manage your hierarchical notes

# Attribution

This plugin is based on the work of [levirs565](https://github.com/levirs565/) and their plugin [Obsidian Dendron Tree](https://github.com/levirs565/obsidian-dendron-tree).

The original plugin has become inactive and the maintainer is unresponsive to Pull Requests and efforts to contact them.

So I decided to fork and continue developing this plugin as I use it on a daily basis and wanted to keep improving it.

Commit message:

Added more options to the auto-generated properties

README.md, after:

# Structured Tree

**More documentation can be found on the [GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/Rudtrack/structured-tree/wiki).**

Structured Tree adds a tree for exploring and managing hierarchical notes similar to [Dendron](https://www.dendron.so/). Features:
![Dendron Tree](images/dendron-tree.png)

Features:

-   Structured Tree, easily browse notes that are using the hierarchical naming scheme from Dendron
-   Lookup
-   Automatically generate frontmatter on a new file
-   Multi vault support
-   Custom resolver and renderer for link and embed

## Structured Tree

To view the Structured Tree you can select "Open Structured Tree" in the Application's Ribbon bar.

A note with an orange circle indicator
(![Note without corresponding file](images/note-without-file.png)) is a note that does not have a
corresponding file.

To open a note file you can select the note name in the tree. This also expands the note in the
tree.

To expand and collapse a note you can select arrow (![Note arrow](images/arrow.png)) on the left of
the note.

You can right-click a note on a Desktop or long-press the note on a Mobile to open the note's menu.
Note menu will have the following item:

-   "Create Current Note". This will create a file for the selected note. This only show when the note
    does not have a corresponding file.
-   "Create New Note". This will open Lookup with the selected note's path as the initial prompt. You
    can see lookup documentation on how to use it.
-   "Delete Note". This will delete the selected note file. This only show when the note has a
    corresponding file.

## Lookup

![Lookup note](images/lookup.png)

To lookup a note you can run "Structured Tree: Lookup note" command. With this, you can open and delete
a note.

![Create new](images/lookup-new.png)

You can create a note by inputting a path that does not exist. Then you will get "Create
New" item. Select this item to create a new note.

![Create note file for file-less note](images/create-new-existing.png)

You can also select a note that does not have a corresponding file. An item that when selected will
create a new note is indicated by + icon at the right.

> It's recommended to always input path in lookup modal.

## Multi Vault

You can add or remove a vault in Plugin Settings. You must specify the vault path and vault name.

## Custom Resolver and Renderer (Disabled by Default)

For embed/ref, Dendron format are extenstion for Obsidian format. You can see Dendron documentation
about [Note Reference]

Dendron and Obsidian have different formats and capabilities for ref/embed and wikilink. When this
feature is enabled, all wikilink and embed will be forced to render using Dendron format. This also
overrides link hover functionality.

Here are the brief differences between Dendron and Obsidian regarding WikiLink.

This is the format of Obsidian WikiLink:

```
[[href|title]]
```

Whereas, this is the format of Dendron WikiLink:

```
[[title|href]]
```

In Obsidian, if the title for wikilink is not specified then the link will be used as the title.
But, in Dendron, note target's title will be used as the title.

In Dendron, to target a note in another vault we must use special syntax like this:

```
dendron://vault_name/note_path
```

For embed/ref, Dendron format is an extension of the Obsidian format. You can see Dendron
documentation about
[Note Reference](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/f1af56bb-db27-47ae-8406-61a98de6c78c)

## Recommended Additional Plugins

I recommend installing [Structured](https://github.com/dobrovolsky/obsidian-structure) by [Dobrovolsky Bohdan](https://github.com/dobrovolsky) alongside this plugin. It makes it significantly easier to rename and manage your hierarchical notes

# Attribution

This plugin is based on the work of [levirs565](https://github.com/levirs565/) and their plugin [Obsidian Dendron Tree](https://github.com/levirs565/obsidian-dendron-tree).

The original plugin has become inactive, so I decided to fork and continue developing this plugin as I use it on a daily basis and wanted to keep improving it.

This plugin will NOT retain it's compatability with notes made in Dendron. It is intended to be used with notes made in Obsidian, but with a Dendron-like structure.
